# Starscape-Module
The following Python Module is an Astronomy repository using ideas of Image Segmentation to filter/contour out images of stars from star clusters or any Astronomical data obtained by professional telescopes based on the brightness of stars, redshift and temperature.The project uses idea of Computer Vision and generally uses the OpenCV package of Python to segment out the necessary data. Specifically, while filtering out the stars based on brightness it requires a particular threshold to help binarise the image to remove any bright object like nuebula or galaxy in the background of the star to access better filtering. Correspondingly, it asks for the brightness range in comparison to the brightest and the dimmest star to contour the specific the stars in that range. 

It further provides you an option to filter out stars in an image based on their redshift. It creates a necessary kernel corresponding to a mask to contour the specific stars in the photograph. It also hosts a well calibrated database of star temperatures and corresponding RGB gradient. 

Finally, given a temperature range by the user, it displays all the stars in the photo within the temperature range. The module firstly asks the user if the user wants to calibrate the module to the specific telescope to reproduce better accuracy. To calibrate the module, the user must know the BV index of atleast two astronomical object in the photograph. Thereby, it creates uses Lagrangian Interpolation to create a function that maps the RGB value obtained from the BV index of the temperature range to the more accurate RGB value. Correspondingly, it groups nearby pixels to display the stars in that temperature range.
